# 未見文 第 1 群（2026-10-09 作成。入試・英検 2 級〜準 1 級の文体で新しく書いた文。調整前の測定用）
Many scientists believe that the rapid loss of forests is one of the main causes of climate change.
The book I borrowed from the library last week turned out to be more interesting than I had expected.
If it had not been for your advice, I would never have finished the project on time.
Not until she moved to London did she realize how much she missed her family.
It is often said that the best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it is spoken.
The more you practice speaking English, the more confident you will become.
Having finished his homework, Tom went out to play soccer with his friends.
The museum, which was built more than a hundred years ago, attracts thousands of visitors every year.
She was too tired to concentrate on the lecture, so she decided to go home early.
What surprised me most was that nobody in the room seemed to know the answer.
Although the medicine was expensive, it was not as effective as the doctor had promised.
Researchers found that children who sleep less than eight hours a night tend to have trouble paying attention in class.
My grandfather, who has lived in this town all his life, knows the name of almost every family on our street.
I wish I had studied harder when I was in high school.
Smartphones have made it possible for people to communicate with each other at any time.
The manager made all the employees attend the meeting, even though it was Saturday.
Seen from the top of the mountain, the city looked like a toy model.
It was not until the 19th century that scientists began to understand how diseases spread.
Some people argue that zoos should be closed because animals suffer when they are kept in cages.
I heard someone calling my name, but when I turned around, there was nobody there.
She must have left her umbrella on the train, because she cannot find it anywhere.
Whatever you decide to do, I will support you.
The company is looking for a person who can speak both English and Chinese.
Little did he know that his small invention would change the world.
Reading books not only increases your knowledge but also improves your ability to think.
The fact that he apologized immediately shows that he is an honest person.
People tend to spend more money when they pay by credit card than when they pay in cash.
Most of the students in my class have never been abroad.
The bridge was so badly damaged by the earthquake that it had to be completely rebuilt.
Without the support of local volunteers, the festival could not have been held this year.
As the population ages, the demand for medical care is expected to increase.
He spoke as if he had seen the accident with his own eyes.
The teacher told us that we should not use our phones during the exam.
It took me three hours to finish reading the report.
Unlike her older sister, Emma prefers staying at home to going out on weekends.
Japan imports most of the energy it uses from other countries.
Students who are interested in joining the club should contact Mr. Tanaka by Friday.
The new law, which will come into effect next April, is designed to reduce plastic waste.
She has been working at the hospital since she graduated from university.
Nobody knows exactly when humans first started to use fire.
What we learn in childhood often shapes the way we see the world for the rest of our lives.
The idea that intelligence is fixed at birth has been challenged by a growing body of research.
Because so many young people are leaving rural areas to look for work in big cities, some villages are in danger of disappearing.
There is no doubt that the internet has changed the way we gather information, but not all of the information we find online is reliable.
Had the government acted sooner, many of the problems caused by the flood could have been avoided.
It is not what you say but how you say it that matters most in a job interview.
Scientists warn that unless we reduce the amount of plastic we use, there will be more plastic than fish in the ocean by 2050.
Those who have experienced hardship are often better able to understand the feelings of others.
The longer we put off dealing with the problem, the more difficult it will be to solve.
Even if machines can do many jobs better than humans, there are some things that only people can do.
