# 未見文 第 4 群（2026-10-09 作成。第 498 組の修正後の測定用。長文読解に近い長い文）
Although many people believe that money can buy happiness, research suggests that once our basic needs are met, additional income does little to improve our well-being.
In the past, people had to rely on newspapers and television for news, but today most of us get our information from smartphones, often without checking whether it is accurate.
Scientists have discovered that some birds are able to recognize individual human faces and remember people who have treated them badly.
One of the biggest challenges facing Japan today is how to support a growing number of elderly people with a shrinking working population.
When the first trains were introduced in the nineteenth century, many people feared that traveling at such high speeds would be harmful to the human body.
It is often assumed that creativity is something people are born with, but many psychologists argue that it can be developed through practice and experience.
The town decided to build a new library, hoping that it would become a place where people of all ages could gather and learn.
Because plastic does not break down easily, much of the plastic that has ever been produced still exists in some form today.
Instead of punishing students for making mistakes, teachers should encourage them to see mistakes as valuable opportunities to learn.
The company has introduced a four-day work week, and so far employees seem to be happier and more productive than before.
Learning a foreign language not only helps you communicate with people from other countries but also gives you a new way of looking at your own culture.
Many of the foods we eat every day, such as rice, wheat, and corn, were originally wild plants that people gradually changed over thousands of years.
Despite the fact that he had little formal education, he became one of the most successful businessmen of his time.
The museum, which opened only two years ago, has already attracted more than a million visitors from around the world.
Some researchers worry that children who spend too much time playing video games may have difficulty concentrating in class.
If more people used public transportation instead of driving their own cars, traffic jams and air pollution would be greatly reduced.
The volunteers, most of whom were university students, spent their summer vacation helping to rebuild houses damaged by the flood.
What makes this novel so interesting is that the story is told from the point of view of a cat.
As the climate continues to change, many species of animals and plants will be forced to move to new areas in order to survive.
People who have strong relationships with family and friends tend to live longer than those who are socially isolated.
The invention of the printing press made it possible to produce books much more quickly and cheaply than before, which helped spread knowledge throughout Europe.
It was not until she started working abroad that she realized how little she knew about her own country.
Experts recommend that adults get at least seven hours of sleep each night to stay healthy.
Although the project faced many difficulties at first, it was eventually completed ahead of schedule thanks to the hard work of the team.
Many cities around the world are trying to reduce the number of cars on their streets by improving public transportation and creating more bicycle lanes.
He was so absorbed in his work that he did not notice that it had already gotten dark outside.
Those who want to succeed must be willing to take risks and learn from their failures.
Nowadays, more and more people are choosing to work remotely, which allows them to spend more time with their families.
The fact that the experiment produced the same results every time suggests that the theory is correct.
Since the beginning of human history, people have used stories to pass on knowledge and values from one generation to the next.
