# 未見文 第 2 群（2026-10-09 作成。第 496 組の修正後の測定用。受験頻出の構文と時事の語彙）
He sat on the bench with his eyes closed, listening to the sound of the waves.
It goes without saying that health is more important than wealth.
I could not help laughing when I saw his funny face.
She is used to getting up early because she works at a bakery.
No sooner had I arrived at the station than the train left.
As long as you keep your promise, I will lend you the money.
He spoke slowly so that everyone in the room could understand him.
To make matters worse, it began to rain heavily on our way home.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
The reason why I was late is that I missed the bus.
Nothing is more important than spending time with your family.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this cold weather.
You had better see a doctor if your cough does not get better.
There used to be a large cherry tree in front of our school.
It is high time you started preparing for the entrance exam.
However hard he tried, he could not solve the problem.
He did not realize the importance of health until he became seriously ill.
This is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited.
The woman whose bag was stolen reported the incident to the police.
This is the house in which the famous writer was born.
He passed the exam on his first try, which surprised everyone.
The boy sitting next to me in class is from Canada.
Many of the products sold in this shop are made by local artists.
I found it difficult to explain the rule to the children.
My father makes it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
Don't keep me waiting for a long time.
She asked me where I had bought my bicycle.
The castle is said to have been built in the sixteenth century.
He seems to have lost interest in his studies.
Success depends not so much on talent as on hard work.
On hearing the news, she burst into tears.
By the time we got to the theater, the movie had already started.
Every time I visit my grandmother, she tells me stories about her childhood.
Now that you are a high school student, you should be more responsible.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Even though he was tired, he continued to work until midnight.
Anyone can join the program regardless of age or experience.
Artificial intelligence is expected to change the way people work in the near future.
Food loss is a serious problem in many developed countries, where large amounts of food are thrown away every day.
Renewable energy sources such as solar and wind power are becoming cheaper every year.
Social media allows false information to spread more quickly than ever before.
The number of people working from home has increased since the pandemic began.
Protecting biodiversity is essential for maintaining healthy ecosystems.
Volunteers spent the weekend cleaning up the beach, collecting more than two hundred bags of trash.
The government is considering raising the minimum wage to help workers cope with rising prices.
If you had asked me earlier, I could have helped you with your homework.
Not only did he forget my birthday, but he also forgot our appointment.
The older we get, the more we tend to value our health.
She was such a kind teacher that all the students loved her.
Hardly had the game started when it began to snow.
