Born in a poor family, he had to start working when he was only twelve years old.
With more and more people living in cities, the demand for public transportation is growing rapidly.
Seldom have I seen such a beautiful sunset as the one we saw on the beach last summer.
Exhausted after the long journey, the travelers went straight to bed without eating dinner.
The idea that we can solve every problem with technology is becoming less popular among young people.
It was in this small room that the famous writer wrote most of his novels.
Whatever the reason may be, the number of students studying abroad has been decreasing in recent years.
Compared to other developed countries, Japan has a relatively low rate of crime.
The report, published last month, shows that more than half of the forests in the region have disappeared.
Should you have any problems with the product, please contact our customer service center.
Nobody knows for sure how the ancient people managed to move such huge stones without modern machines.
Walking along the river, I saw a group of children playing with a ball in the park.
The fewer cars there are on the road, the cleaner the air in the city will become.
Several of the students who took part in the program said that it had changed their way of thinking.
Interestingly, the word "robot" comes from a Czech word meaning "forced labor."
In spite of the bad weather, thousands of people gathered in the square to celebrate the new year.
This is the reason why many companies are now trying to reduce their use of plastic packaging.
The cost of living in Tokyo is much higher than that in most other cities in Japan.
Hardly anyone noticed that the painting had been replaced with a copy.
Had it not been for the quick action of the firefighters, the whole building would have burned down.
What makes the story so moving is the strong bond between the old man and his dog.
Some animals, such as dolphins and elephants, are known to recognize themselves in a mirror.
Those who exercise regularly are not only healthier but also tend to sleep better at night.
The government decided to build a new airport, despite strong opposition from local residents.
To his surprise, the letter he had sent ten years earlier was returned to him unopened.
The older generation often complains that young people spend too much time looking at their phones.
As far as I know, no one has ever climbed that mountain in winter.
Once you have learned how to ride a bicycle, you will never forget it.
The festival, held every August, celebrates the end of the rice harvest.
Not until the 1990s did most families in Japan have a personal computer at home.
Dolphins are known to recognize themselves in a mirror.
He is known to be honest.
The cleaner the air is, the healthier we are.
The more people there are, the more noise there is.
Thousands of people gathered in the square.
The travelers went straight to bed.
Not until midnight did he come home.
They are not only healthier but also sleep better at night.
She is not only smart but also kind.
The idea is becoming less popular among young people.
The town became less crowded.
He became less nervous.
The letter was returned unopened.
