# 第 16 群（30 文）と修正の変種（第 511 組）
Most people agree that it is important to protect the environment, but few are willing to change their own habits.
The ability to read and write is something that many of us take for granted, yet millions of adults around the world cannot do either.
When the bell rang, the students rushed out of the classroom, eager to enjoy the first day of summer vacation.
Scientists have discovered that some trees can warn their neighbors of danger by releasing chemicals into the air.
The more time children spend outdoors, the less likely they are to become nearsighted.
Unlike many other animals, humans are able to plan for the future and imagine situations they have never experienced.
In recent years, an increasing number of companies have begun to allow their employees to choose when and where they work.
Although robots can perform many tasks faster than humans, they still struggle with jobs that require common sense.
The famous painter did not become successful until after his death, when his works began to sell for large sums of money.
It is estimated that more than half of the world's languages will disappear by the end of this century.
Instead of buying new clothes every season, she prefers to repair the ones she already owns.
Studies show that people who eat breakfast regularly tend to have more energy and perform better at work or school.
The village has changed so much over the past twenty years that I hardly recognized it when I returned.
Many experts believe that the best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it is spoken.
The train was delayed for more than an hour because of the heavy snow, so many passengers missed their connections.
What impressed me most about the trip was the kindness of the people I met along the way.
If the government had acted sooner, the damage caused by the flood might have been much smaller.
Some parents worry that their children spend too much time playing video games instead of reading books.
The doctor advised him to get more exercise and to cut down on salty food.
Although the experiment was successful, the scientists warned that more research would be needed before the drug could be used.
Few inventions have changed daily life as much as the smartphone has in the past two decades.
The library offers a wide range of services, from lending books to helping people find jobs.
She was disappointed to learn that the concert had been canceled due to the singer's illness.
The amount of sleep we need changes as we grow older, with babies needing far more sleep than adults.
Not knowing what to say, he simply smiled and nodded.
People in cities tend to walk faster than those who live in the countryside, according to one study.
The new law, which will come into effect next year, requires all restaurants to display calorie information.
Having finished her homework, she went out to play with her friends.
It is not easy to make friends in a new environment, especially if you are shy.
The world's population is expected to reach nearly ten billion by 2050, putting even more pressure on food supplies.
The students rushed out of the classroom, eager to enjoy the vacation.
She left early, afraid to miss the train.
He stood up, determined to finish the work.
He ran out of the room.
Prices rose sharply last year, with food costs increasing by ten percent.
The population is growing, with more people moving to cities.
She talked so much at the party that everyone got tired.
He has changed so much over the years.
The population has grown rapidly over the last decade.
Prices have risen by ten percent since last year.
You should rest, especially if you have a fever.
Be careful, especially when you drive at night.
I like music, especially when I am tired.
She lived in Paris until the war, when she moved to London.
He became famous after his death.
People who eat breakfast regularly tend to be healthier.
Children who read books regularly develop better language skills.
The books they bought were expensive.
Scientists studied the rocks that they had collected.
Birds are able to fly and swim.
She is able to speak French and write Chinese.
He was able to finish the work and go home early.
Few people have helped me as much as my teacher has.
Nothing has changed our lives as much as the internet has.
He doesn't eat as much as he used to.
She doesn't play tennis as often as she used to.
I don't read as many books as I used to.
We don't have as much free time as we used to.
Eat as many vegetables as possible.
Read as many books as you can.
I met many people along the way.
He sold it for a large sum of money.
Parents put a lot of pressure on their children.
The new law requires all restaurants to display calorie information.
