Although the internet has made it easier than ever to find information, it has also made it harder to tell which sources can be trusted.
In many developing countries, girls are still less likely than boys to finish secondary school, mainly because their families cannot afford the fees.
The researchers found that people who spent at least two hours a week in nature reported better health and greater well-being than those who did not.
When she was asked why she had decided to become a doctor, she said that she wanted to help people who could not afford medical care.
It is estimated that about one third of all the food produced in the world is lost or wasted before it reaches our tables.
Many people believe that intelligence is the most important factor in success, but studies show that hard work and persistence matter just as much.
The ancient Romans built roads that were so well designed that some of them are still used today.
As technology develops, many jobs that are done by people today may be done by machines in the future.
One way to reduce stress is to make a list of the things you need to do and finish them one by one.
Since he moved to Tokyo three years ago, he has been working at a company that develops software for hospitals.
Children who grow up speaking two languages often find it easier to learn a third language later in life.
The festival, which takes place every summer, attracts visitors from all over the country and helps support the local economy.
Some scientists argue that we should spend more money on protecting the oceans, which cover more than seventy percent of the earth's surface.
I had never seen so many stars in the sky until I visited a small village far away from the city.
The number of people living alone has been increasing in Japan, especially among the elderly.
If you want to improve your English, it is important not only to study grammar but also to use the language as often as possible.
She was disappointed to learn that the concert she had been looking forward to for months had been canceled.
Unlike most other animals, humans are able to plan for the future and imagine things that do not yet exist.
The government has announced a new plan to encourage young people to start their own businesses in rural areas.
Because the meeting ran longer than expected, I missed the last train and had to take a taxi home.
Many of the problems we face today, such as climate change and poverty, cannot be solved by one country alone.
Even though she had lived in France for ten years, she still found it difficult to express her feelings in French.
What surprised the scientists most was that the bacteria could survive without oxygen for several weeks.
By the end of this century, the average temperature of the earth may rise by more than two degrees.
Parents who read to their children every day help them develop a love of books that lasts a lifetime.
The old man, whose house had been destroyed by the storm, was given a place to stay by his neighbors.
Learning to play a musical instrument requires patience, but the sense of achievement you feel is worth the effort.
More and more companies are allowing their employees to work from home at least a few days a week.
The scientist spent years trying to prove her theory, and she finally succeeded in convincing other researchers.
It goes without saying that we should treat others the way we would like to be treated ourselves.
The internet has made it easier than ever to find information.
It has made it harder to tell which sources can be trusted.
Girls are still less likely than boys to finish secondary school.
She was asked why she had decided to become a doctor.
I was asked where I lived.
The roads were so well designed that they are still used today.
Humans can imagine things that do not yet exist.
Things that do not exist cannot be seen.
I had never seen so many stars in the sky.
The scientist spent years trying to prove her theory.
The festival attracts visitors from all over the country.
It is important not only to study grammar but also to use the language.
Hard work matters just as much.
I visited a small village far away from the city.
This problem cannot be solved by one country alone.
Parents help their children develop good habits.
