# 未見文 第 26 群（第 521 組）: 説明文・随筆に近い複文（関係詞・分詞・比較・仮定法・譲歩）を含む自作の 30 文
Scientists believe that the amount of plastic in the ocean will continue to increase unless we change the way we use it.
Although the town has lost much of its population, the people who still live there are working hard to keep their traditions alive.
One of the reasons why young people move to large cities is that there are more job opportunities there.
It is important to remember that not everyone who uses social media does so for the same purpose.
When I was a child, my grandmother used to tell me stories about the war, which I did not fully understand at the time.
The researchers found that students who ate breakfast every morning performed better than those who did not.
In recent years, more and more companies have begun to allow their employees to work from home.
What makes this book so popular is not its story but the way it describes the feelings of ordinary people.
If you had told me about the problem earlier, I could have helped you solve it.
Many of the animals that once lived in this forest have disappeared because their habitat has been destroyed.
The teacher asked the students to think about how their daily choices affect the environment.
It was such a beautiful day that we decided to have lunch in the park instead of staying inside.
Learning a new language not only helps you communicate with others but also changes the way you think.
Although robots can do many jobs faster than humans, there are some tasks that only people can do well.
She has been working at the hospital for ten years, and she still enjoys taking care of her patients.
The festival, which takes place every August, attracts thousands of visitors from all over the country.
People tend to trust information that agrees with what they already believe.
By the end of this century, the average temperature of the earth may rise by more than two degrees.
Some experts argue that children should be allowed to use smartphones only after they turn fourteen.
Even though he was tired after the long journey, he insisted on visiting his old friend that night.
There are few places in the world where people can enjoy such clean air and water.
The more we learn about the brain, the more we realize how much we still do not know.
Instead of buying new clothes every season, more people are choosing to repair the ones they already have.
It is not easy for elderly people living alone to go shopping when it snows heavily.
Having lived abroad for many years, she found it difficult to get used to life in Japan again.
My father, who rarely shows his feelings, cried when he heard the news.
The government has decided to build a new bridge so that people on the island can reach the hospital more easily.
Whether we like it or not, technology will continue to change the way we live and work.
Most of the students in my class had never heard of the writer before they read his novel.
Looking back on my school days, I realize how lucky I was to have such kind teachers.
