# 未見文 第 13 群（2026-10-09 作成。第 507 組の後の測定用。国立大の長文に多い複雑な構文を含む 30 文）
Given that most people now carry a smartphone, it is no wonder that fewer and fewer people wear watches.
The extent to which children are influenced by advertising is still a matter of debate among researchers.
No sooner had the concert started than the power went out, leaving the audience in complete darkness.
There is no doubt that regular exercise improves both physical and mental health.
It goes without saying that safety must come first when designing new cars.
Regardless of how talented they are, athletes who do not train regularly will eventually fall behind.
Hardly had she arrived at the station when it began to rain heavily.
With regard to the new policy, many teachers have expressed concern about the increase in their workload.
Owing to a shortage of doctors, patients in rural areas often have to wait for hours to receive treatment.
The scientist, whose research has changed the way we think about memory, will give a lecture next month.
So popular was the new game that stores across the country sold out within a few hours.
Whereas earlier generations relied on newspapers for information, young people today get most of their news from social media.
In spite of the heavy rain, thousands of runners took part in the city marathon.
As long as we continue to burn fossil fuels, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will keep rising.
The museum was so crowded that we could hardly see the paintings.
Only when we lose something do we realize how important it was to us.
It was such a difficult problem that none of the students could solve it.
The degree to which a person can adapt to change often determines how successful they will be.
What if machines become smarter than the humans who created them?
Living in a foreign country, you learn not only a new language but also new ways of thinking.
Some people prefer to work alone, while others feel more productive when working in a team.
The novel tells the story of a young woman who leaves her small village to pursue her dream of becoming a doctor.
In terms of cost, public transportation is far more efficient than private cars.
The fact that the experiment could not be repeated led many scientists to doubt the results.
Not until the end of the war did people begin to understand how much damage had been done.
The bridge, built more than a century ago, is in urgent need of repair.
Experts disagree as to whether the new technology will create more jobs than it destroys.
Little did he know that his small invention would one day change the lives of millions.
Should you have any questions about the course, please do not hesitate to contact the office.
There are few things more important to a child's development than the love and attention of their parents.
