# 未見文 第 3 群（2026-10-09 作成。第 497 組の修正後の測定用。物語・論説・会話の文体）
When I was a child, my grandmother used to tell me stories about the war, which I did not fully understand at the time.
Looking back on those days, I realize how lucky I was to have such supportive parents.
The moment she opened the door, the dog jumped up and licked her face.
It was not long before the rumor spread throughout the whole school.
Although I had studied Japanese for three years, I found it hard to follow the conversation at first.
The teacher encouraged us to ask questions whenever we did not understand something.
After graduating from college, he moved to a small village and started his own farm.
Some experts point out that children today spend too much time indoors.
In many parts of the world, access to clean water is still limited.
The researchers collected data from more than three thousand households over a period of five years.
Contrary to popular belief, bats are not blind.
One reason for the decline in the number of bees is the use of pesticides.
As a result of the heavy snow, all flights were canceled.
The museum is closed on Mondays, except when a national holiday falls on that day.
People who exercise regularly are less likely to suffer from heart disease.
The new system will make it easier for patients to make appointments online.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest post office?
I'm sorry, but I don't think I can make it to the party tonight.
Why don't we go to the beach this weekend if the weather is nice?
You don't have to bring anything, but you can bring a dessert if you like.
What do you think is the most important thing in life?
It is said that laughing is good for both your body and your mind.
Few people realize how much water is needed to produce a single cup of coffee.
The plan sounded good on paper, but it turned out to be difficult to carry out.
Instead of complaining about the problem, we should try to find a solution.
She has a habit of biting her nails when she is nervous.
The longer you stay in a foreign country, the more you learn about its culture.
He apologized for having kept us waiting so long.
There is a growing concern that young people are reading fewer books than before.
Nobody expected that the small company would become one of the largest in the world.
Whether we like it or not, technology will continue to change our lives.
If it were not for the sun, no living things could exist on the earth.
The bus was so crowded that I could hardly breathe.
Many tourists visit Kyoto in autumn to see the beautiful red leaves.
My sister, who lives in Osaka, is coming to visit us next month.
It is important that every student have a chance to express his or her opinion.
The doctor advised him to stop smoking and to get more exercise.
While some people enjoy living in big cities, others prefer the peace and quiet of the countryside.
The meeting has been put off until next week because the manager is sick.
I was about to leave home when the phone rang.
The more we learn about the universe, the more we realize how little we know.
To be honest, I have never been interested in sports.
Not knowing what to do, she called her mother for advice.
His speech was so moving that many people in the audience were in tears.
The problem is not that we lack resources but that we do not use them wisely.
All you have to do is fill out this form and send it back to us.
It was such a beautiful day that we decided to have lunch in the park.
Electric cars produce less pollution than cars that run on gasoline.
The ability to work well with others is just as important as academic knowledge.
