# 第 17 群（30 文）と修正の変種（第 512 組）
No matter how hard she tried, she could not remember where she had put her keys.
It was not until the nineteenth century that most people in Europe learned to read.
Now that more people work from home, many companies are reconsidering the need for large offices.
The problem is not so much a lack of money as a lack of time.
Had it not been for his teacher's encouragement, he would never have become a scientist.
Whether or not the plan succeeds depends largely on how well the team works together.
Many animals that once lived in the forest have disappeared as a result of human activity.
The museum, which was built more than a hundred years ago, attracts thousands of visitors every year.
She spoke so quietly that hardly anyone in the room could hear what she was saying.
It goes without saying that health is more important than wealth.
Children who grow up with pets tend to be more responsible and caring than those who do not.
The longer you put off dealing with a problem, the more difficult it becomes to solve.
Not only did the storm destroy many houses, but it also cut off the electricity for several days.
He apologized for having kept us waiting for so long.
Some scientists argue that the loss of sleep can have serious effects on both physical and mental health.
I would rather stay at home and read a book than go out on such a cold night.
Once you have learned how to ride a bicycle, you will never forget it.
The company decided to postpone the meeting, as several key members were unable to attend.
People often judge others by their appearance, even though they know it is unfair.
Although he had lived in Japan for ten years, he still found some customs difficult to understand.
There is no doubt that the internet has transformed the way we communicate with each other.
The teacher made the students rewrite their essays because they had not followed the instructions.
Most of the food we throw away could have been eaten if it had been stored properly.
She is said to have been the first woman in the country to earn a medical degree.
Feeling tired after the long journey, we decided to go to bed early.
What surprised the researchers was that the plants grew faster in the dark than in the light.
In order to reduce traffic accidents, the city has lowered the speed limit near schools.
It is often said that we learn more from our failures than from our successes.
Water covers about seventy percent of the earth's surface, but only a small portion of it is fresh water.
By the time the ambulance arrived, the injured man had already lost a lot of blood.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
She would rather walk to school and save money than take the bus.
The team works together well.
Stress has a negative impact on health.
Music has a positive effect on our mood.
Stress can have a negative impact on your health.
I could not hear what she was saying.
I saw what they were doing.
They are more responsible and kind than others.
They are more responsible and kind.
People who exercise live longer than those who don't.
She is caring.
They are responsible and caring.
The longer you wait, the more difficult it becomes to solve.
The longer you put off the work, the harder it gets.
We stayed home, as it was raining.
The meeting was postponed, as several members were sick.
Knowing that she was busy, I didn't call her.
Wanting to help, she offered her seat.
I found her bag.
He bought her lunch.
The accident could have been avoided if he had been careful.
I can't remember what he said.
She earned a degree in economics.
He has a university degree.
To some degree, I agree with you.
She was the first woman in her family to go to university.
Whether or not the plan succeeds depends on the team.
Water covers most of the earth, but only a small portion of it is fresh water.
The storm cut off the power.
Now that you are here, we can start.
