# 未見文 第 15 群（2026-10-09 作成。第 509 組の後の測定用。歴史・言語・経済・心理・物語の長文 30 文）
The printing press, invented in the fifteenth century, made books cheaper and allowed ideas to spread more quickly than ever before.
Children learn their first language without being taught grammar rules, simply by listening to the people around them.
When prices rise faster than wages, ordinary families find it increasingly difficult to make ends meet.
Psychologists have long known that people are more likely to remember information that is connected to their emotions.
The old fisherman looked out at the sea and wondered whether he would ever see his son again.
In the past, letters could take weeks to arrive, whereas today a message can be sent around the world in seconds.
One reason why English has become a global language is that it was spread by the British Empire and later by American culture.
Many tourists come to Kyoto not only to see its famous temples but also to experience traditional Japanese culture.
The government decided to raise the consumption tax, despite strong opposition from the public.
If you want to become fluent in a foreign language, you need to practice speaking it as often as possible.
Although she had never been abroad before, she quickly got used to life in the new country.
The discovery of penicillin, which was made almost by accident, saved millions of lives.
People who volunteer regularly report feeling happier and less stressed than those who do not.
It took the team three years to complete the project, which was much longer than they had expected.
Without the help of his friends, he would never have been able to start his own business.
The way people greet each other differs greatly from one culture to another.
As technology advances, some jobs will disappear, but new ones that we cannot imagine today will be created.
My grandfather, who grew up on a farm, often tells me that life was much harder when he was young.
The students were asked to write an essay about a person who had had a great influence on their lives.
Saving money is difficult for young people, especially those who have just started working.
The scientists hope that their research will lead to new treatments for the disease.
He was so tired after the long journey that he fell asleep as soon as he lay down.
Reading books helps children develop their imagination and improves their ability to express themselves.
The festival, which takes place every August, attracts visitors from all over the country.
Some people believe that money can buy happiness, while others argue that relationships matter more.
After the earthquake, volunteers from across Japan came to help the people who had lost their homes.
Japanese companies have traditionally offered lifetime employment, but this system is gradually changing.
She was the first woman in her family to go to university, and her parents were very proud of her.
It is said that the custom of giving gifts at the end of the year dates back hundreds of years.
Learning about the history of other countries can help us understand why people think and act differently.
