# 第 23 群（30 文）と修正の変種（第 518 組）
Had it not been for the support of his family, he would never have been able to finish his studies.
Born in a small fishing village, she had never seen a skyscraper until she moved to the capital at eighteen.
There is no point in worrying about things that you cannot change, so try to focus on what you can control.
Whatever you decide to do after graduation, make sure it is something that you truly enjoy.
It took the engineers nearly three years to design a car that could run entirely on solar power.
Only by working together can countries hope to solve global problems such as climate change and poverty.
Hardly had the plane taken off when one of the passengers began to feel sick.
The success of the project was due not so much to luck as to the careful planning of the team.
He gave what little money he had to the poor family living next door.
Nothing is more important to a growing child than a safe and loving home.
The last thing I wanted was to make my parents worry about me while I was studying abroad.
She never fails to call her grandmother on her birthday, no matter how busy she is.
With prices rising so quickly, many families are finding it difficult to buy enough food.
So beautiful was the view from the mountain that we stayed there until the sun went down.
The town, whose main industry had been coal mining for more than a century, has turned to tourism.
You are supposed to hand in your report by Friday, but the teacher may give you an extra day.
Having nothing else to do on a rainy afternoon, the children decided to build a fort out of blankets.
Many scientists believe that the number of insects in the world has been declining for decades.
The reason why so few people volunteer is not that they are selfish but that they are too busy.
However hard I try, I cannot remember the name of the restaurant where we had dinner last month.
It goes without saying that health is more important than money, yet many people forget this.
The longer you wait to see a doctor, the more serious your illness may become.
Not until the end of the meeting did I realize that I had left my phone in the taxi.
Some experts warn that relying too much on artificial intelligence could make people less creative.
In order to protect the forest, the government has banned the cutting of trees in certain areas.
She is as talented as any other musician in the orchestra, but she rarely gets the chance to play solo.
What is more, the new system allows patients to book appointments online at any time of day.
The book is said to have been written by a monk who lived in the mountains about eight hundred years ago.
Although the experiment failed, the researchers learned more from their mistakes than they had expected.
People who have pets tend to be healthier and happier than those who live alone without any animals.
Hardly had I fallen asleep when the phone rang.
There is no point in crying, so let's think about the next step.
Only in this way can we protect the environment.
Only by reading many books can you improve your writing.
Make sure it is clean.
It is something you enjoy.
The cutting of trees is banned here.
The reading of books is important.
Nothing is more important to me than my family.
Health is more important to me than money.
Children need a warm and loving home.
We live in a safe and clean city.
She has a kind heart.
She calls her mother, no matter how busy she is.
I will help you, no matter what happens.
He never gives up, however difficult the task is.
So beautiful was the view from the hill that we stayed there.
The sun goes down early in winter.
His success was due not so much to luck as to hard work.
He gave what money he had to the family.
She spent what little time she had with her children.
The man living next door is a doctor.
The last thing he needs is more stress.
That was the last thing I expected.
It goes without saying that health is important, but many people forget it.
She moved to the capital at eighteen.
He left home at sixteen.
The town has turned to tourism.
He turned to his friends for help.
The planning was careful.
He said something that made me angry.
I need something I can use.
Many farmers have turned to organic farming.
The family living next door is kind.
It is raining, so let's stay home.
I am hungry, but let's wait for her.
