For a long time, people believed that the brain stopped developing after childhood, but we now know that it continues to change throughout our lives.
The town, which used to depend on fishing, has recently become popular with tourists who want to experience traditional Japanese life.
Many students find it difficult to concentrate when they study at home, so they prefer to go to the library or a cafe.
According to a recent survey, nearly half of the people who use social media every day say that they feel more lonely than before.
It is said that the first people to drink coffee were monks who wanted to stay awake during long hours of prayer.
When the factory closed, hundreds of workers lost their jobs and many of them had to move to other cities to find work.
Some people think that it is a waste of money to explore space when there are so many problems to solve on earth.
The new library, designed by a famous architect, has large windows that let in plenty of natural light.
If we do not take action now, future generations will have to pay the price for our mistakes.
She has been learning the piano since she was five, and she now plays in concerts all over the world.
Doctors recommend that people eat a variety of fruits and vegetables instead of relying on vitamin supplements.
Although robots can perform many tasks more efficiently than humans, they still cannot understand human emotions.
The museum displays tools that were used by farmers more than two hundred years ago.
My grandmother, who grew up in a small village without electricity, often tells me how different life was in those days.
Scientists are trying to find out why some people are more likely than others to catch colds.
It took the team almost ten years to develop a vaccine that could protect people from the disease.
Students who take part in club activities tend to learn how to work together and solve problems.
The more time children spend outdoors, the less likely they are to become nearsighted.
Instead of throwing away old clothes, many people now sell them online or give them to charity.
Because the bridge had been damaged by the typhoon, cars were not allowed to cross it for several days.
One of the reasons why Japanese food has become popular abroad is that it is considered to be healthy.
The children were so excited about the trip that they could hardly sleep the night before.
Not only does reading improve your vocabulary, but it also helps you understand other people's feelings.
The mountain is covered with snow for most of the year, which makes it a popular place for skiing.
People tend to remember information better when it is connected to their own experiences.
After the earthquake, volunteers from all over the country came to help the people who had lost their homes.
The government is planning to raise the tax on sugary drinks in order to reduce the number of people with diabetes.
It was not until I lived abroad that I realized how important it is to be able to speak a foreign language.
Many animals that live in the desert are active only at night, when the temperature is lower.
The company decided to cancel the event because fewer people than expected had signed up for it.
She looks more tired than her sister.
He seems more confident than before.
It took the team almost ten years to develop a vaccine.
The more you study, the less likely you are to fail.
The more books people read, the more they learn.
Volunteers from all over the country came to help.
The children could hardly sleep the night before.
Snow covers the mountain for most of the year.
Future generations will have to pay the price for our mistakes.
Some people catch colds easily.
